Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
LISTEN CLOSELY.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
TAKE THIS
AND PROTECT IT.
HUH?
AND, PLEASE,
NO MATTER WHAT
ANYONE TELLS YOU,
NEVER RETURN IT
TO ME.
WHERE ARE THE KEYS!?
WE NEED THEM
TO UNLOCK THE SATELLITE!
NOW WHO HAS THEM!?
WHY, THE CHOSEN
DUELISTS, OF COURSE.
I KNEW I WASN'T
STRONG ENOUGH
TO FIGHT YOU.
SO I SIMPLY
GAVE THE KEYS
TO SOMEONE WHO IS.
THEY CAN'T STOP ME!
NOBODY CAN!
WHEN I'M THROUGH
WITH JADEN AND ASTER,
THEY SHALL SEE THE LIGHT!
I'D LIKE YOU
TO PAY A VISIT
TO AN OLD FRIEND.
IT'S TIME YOU DUELED JADEN!
[GASP]
HMM.
SNOW FAIRY,
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
[GRUNTING]
TOO COLD FOR YOU?
WELL, IF I WERE YOU,
I'D BUNDLE UP,
BECAUSE IF YOU THINK
IT'S CHILLY IN HERE NOW,
JUST WAIT'LL YOU SEE
WHAT I DO NEXT.
READY, TOUGH GUY?
[THINKING]
IT'S ALL UP TO ME NOW.
IF I DON'T FIND A WAY
TO SAVE ALEXIS,
WE'LL LOSE HER FOREVER.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN,
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Alexis:
WHAT'S WRONG, JADEN?
BRAIN FREEZE?
ALLOW ME TO
DEFROST YOUR MEMORY.
MY SNOW FAIRY'S
STILL ON THE FIELD!
OH, YEAH.
AND YOU CAN'T PLAY
ANY TRAP CARDS!
NOT AS LONG AS
MY WHITE NIGHT FIELD SPELL'S
IN PLAY.
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST,
ALL YOUR FACEDOWNS
HAVE FROSTBITE,
COMPLIMENTS OF
MY WHITE NIGHT QUEEN!
NO SPELLS,
NO TRAPS, NO FACEDOWNS.
TOUGH BREAK!
[SIGH]
IT'S LIKE
JADEN'S DECK IS,
WELL, COMPLETELY
FROZEN IN ICE!
I SHOULD BE
THE ONE DUELING HER.
DON'T GIVE UP, SOLDIER!
THINK WARM THOUGHTS!
[THINKING]
TIME FOR PLAN "B."
OF COURSE,
UNTIL I ACTUALLY
THINK OF ONE,
HER SNOW FAIRY
IS PROBABLY A GOOD PLACE
TO START!
I PLAY MY GOOD OL' CARD
TROOPER IN ATTACK MODE!
AND CHECK THIS OUT!
FOR EACH CARD
THAT I SEND OVER
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
MY TROOPER GETS 500
ATTACK POINTS.
SO FOR NOW,
I THINK I'LL TOSS OUT
3 CARDS.
AND IF MY MATH IS RIGHT,
WHICH IT USUALLY ISN'T,
HE GETS AN EXTRA 1,500
POINTS!
ALL RIGHT, TROOPER,
LET'S MELT
HER SNOW FAIRY!
AAH!
AWESOME!
HEY, BOYS!
NOW HE CAN USE
HIS SPELL CARDS!
Jaden: I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
IT'S TWO CARDS FOR ME!
SO NEXT, I PLAY THIS!
MY O-OVERSOUL!
AND I'LL USE IT TO
BRING BACK MY SPARKMAN!
AND WHY STOP THERE?
I'LL HOOK UP SPARKMAN
WITH SPARK BLASTER!
BLAST CARD TROOPER
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S ALL SHE WROTE.
OH, YEAH!
WAY TA PLAY,
JAY!
NO MERCY!
IT'S ALL YOU!
HOLD ON.
DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE
MY SISTER, GUYS.
LOOK AT HER.
SHE LOOKS SO COLD AND DISTANT.
IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
NO, CHAZZ,
IT'S MINE.
I SHOULDA BEEN THERE
TO PROTECT HER.
YEAH, GOOD POINT!
BUT THEN AGAIN,
YOU BRAINWASHED HER,
RIGHT?
ME, YOU,
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
WHAT'S WITH THOSE TWO?
YEAH, THEY SHOULD STOP
POINTING FINGERS
AND START ROOTING
FOR JADEN!
THAT'S ALL YOU'VE GOT!?
FIGURES!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD...
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
SO GUESS WHAT!?
MY SNOW FAIRY
GETS TO MAKE A COMEBACK!
SHE DOES!?
[CHUCKLE]
WHATTA YA KNOW?
WE'RE BACK
WHERE WE STARTED!
AND YOU REMEMBER
MY NIGHT QUEEN, RIGHT?
SHE CAN DESTROY ANY FACEDOWN
CARD THAT I TELL HER TO!
OHH.
WELL, SOMEONE'S
AWFULLY QUIET
ALL OF A SUDDEN!
SO WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
IS YOUR MOUTH FROZEN SHUT?
I WOULD NOT
WANNA BE IN JADEN'S SHOES!
THAT GIRL'S AS FRIGID
AS AN ARCTIC WOLF
IN A BLIZZARD!
HEY!
TAKE THAT BACK,
HUCKLEBERRY!
SHE'S BEEN THROUGH
A LOT!
YEAH. DEEP DOWN,
MY SISTER'S
STILL THERE!
AND, JADEN,
NOW IT'S UP
TO YOU
TO THAW HER
FROZEN HEART!
WHY JADEN?!
IF ANYONE CAN DO IT,
IT'S ME!
I KNOW YOU LOVE ME, LEX!
AND I'M GONNA
SET YOU FREE!
ALL RIGHT,
WHITE NIGHT QUEEN,
ATTACK SPARKMAN!
[YELLS]
WANT MORE?
THEN HOW ABOUT THIS!
SNOW FAIRY! YOUR TURN!
[YELLS]
[ALL GASP]
[GROANS]
YOU JUST ACTIVATED
MY SPARKMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SO I CAN DRAW A CARD!
AND YOU'LL NEED IT!
[THINKING]
SHE'S RIGHT!
BUT IT'S GONNA TAKE
A LOT MORE THAN ONE CARD
TO WIN THIS!
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT KIND OF SPELL
SHE'S UNDER,
BUT I'VE GOT TO
CRACK THROUGH IT
AND GET OUR FRIEND BACK!
COME ON.
THIS IS IT.
GO TIME!
I PLAY THIS!
DANDELION IN DEFENSE!
GUESS I'M DONE.
[GIGGLE]
SO THAT'S THE BEST
YOU CAN DO?!
YOU SHOULD CHANGE
YOUR CATCHPHRASE
TO "GET YOUR LAME ON!"
GET IT, DORK!?
I SUMMON MY COLD SLEEPER
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, COLD SLEEPER,
ATTACK HIS DANDELION!
MY DANDELION
MAY BE GONE,
BUT HE LEFT ME
THESE GUYS!
THEY'RE CALLED
FLUFF TOKENS!
YOU HAVE GOT
TO BE KIDDING ME.
I'VE GOT SCARIER
STUFFED ANIMALS!
THEY MAY BE WEAK,
BUT THEY'RE MINE,
AND EVERY CARD
IN MY DECK
IS IMPORTANT.
YOU TAUGHT ME THAT.
[SCOFF]
NOW I'LL TEACH YOU THIS:
IT'S CALLED DEFEAT!
SNOW FAIRY, ATTACK!
WHITE NIGHT,
CRUSH FURBALL NUMBER TWO!
I'D HATE TO SEE
YOUR STUFFED ANIMALS!
IS THAT A SMILE I SEE?
KEEP MAKING JOKES.
I'LL LAUGH WHEN YOU LOSE!
WELL, AT LEAST
YOU'LL BE LAUGHING!
I MEAN,
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU, LEX?
WHERE'D'JA GO?
WHAT'D SARTORIUS DO?
HOLD THAT THOUGHT!
MY MOVE!
HERE GOES!
SWEETNESS!
THANKS TO NECROSHADE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN PLAY
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
WITHOUT MAKING
A SACRIFICE!
SINCE WHEN
DID YOU HAVE HIM!?
"SINCE WHEN?"
WITH MY CARD TROOPER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
SINCE 5 MINUTES AGO,
WHEN I SENT HIM
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
OH, JUST GO.
FINE! HOW 'BOUT A LITTLE
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
NEOS, DEFROST
HER SNOW FAIRY!
AWESOME!
THEY'RE EVEN NOW!
AND THE SARGE
CAN USE HIS SPELLS AGAIN!
BUT LOOK.
LEX IS UP TO NO GOOD.
YOU'RE STILL
THE SAME OLD JADEN.
SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE.
HUH?
OH, COME ON!
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE REALLY THAT DENSE.
DO YOU EVER THINK
ABOUT THE NEXT MOVE?
OBVIOUSLY NOT,
BECAUSE YOU TOTALLY
OVERLOOKED SOMETHING!
SORRY, BUT SNOW FAIRY IS
COMING RIGHT BACK!
SHE CAN'T TOUCH ME!
BECAUSE I'VE GOT
A LITTLE SURPRISE!
IT LOOKS LIKE
I DO THINK AHEAD!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
SEE FOR YOURSELF!
I ACTIVATE
QUICK SUMMON
TO BRING OUT
MY CARD BLOCKER!
THAT SHRIMP
WON'T LAST LONG!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
COLD SLEEPER'S ABILITY,
WHICH LETS ME BRING BACK
YOU KNOW WHO!
HEY, JAY,
MEET YOUR OLD PAL...
SNOW FAIRY!
NOW WHAT!?
IT CAN'T BE GOOD!
SO IF YOU'RE SO GOOD
AT THINKING AHEAD,
THEN WHAT'S YOUR BIG PLAN
TO GET OUT OF
THIS MESS, HUH?
MY TURN'S OVER.
AND SO'S THIS DUEL!
NICE TRY, LOSER!
LATER!
I SACRIFICE MY QUEEN
AND MY COLD SLEEPER
TO SUMMON THIS!
MY WHITE NIGHT DRAGON!
[ROAR]
PRETTY SWEET!
THERE'S MORE!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE MY WHITE
BLIZZARD SPELL CARD.
AND THANKS TO
THIS STORM FRONT,
YOU LOSE 600 POINTS!
FOR EACH MONSTER
I DESTROY, THAT IS!
NOT BAD.
WHAT ELSE HAVE YA GOT?
JUST THIS!
IT'S A SPELL.
EVER HEAR OF WHITE VEIL?
LET'S JUST SAY
IT GIVES MY DRAGON A BONUS!
HOW COULD YOU?
WHAT'D SHE DO?
SHE JUST ACTIVATED
SARTORIUS' SECRET WEAPON!
Atticus:
SHE'S RIGHT.
IT'S OVER.
'CAUSE
WHITE NIGHT DRAGON'S
TOO POWERFUL!
AND THANKS TO
ITS EFFECT,
TRAPS DON'T WORK.
AND I WISH THAT WAS
ALL IT DID,
BUT I'M AFRAID
IT'S EVEN WORSE!
AS LONG AS HER DRAGON
IS WEARING THAT
WHITE VEIL,
EVERY TIME IT ATTACKS,
EVERY SINGLE SPELL
AND TRAP
THAT HAPPENS TO BE
ON JADEN'S SIDE
IS DESTROYED.
THE OLD ALEXIS
IS AS GOOD AS GONE.
[CHUCKLE]
I'VE BEEN WAITING
TO DO THIS FOR A LONG TIME.
ATTACK!
TARGET HIS ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS AND DESTROY IT!
NOT IF I ACTIVATE
MY CARD BLOCKER FIRST!
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS HIM SWAP PLACES
WITH ANOTHER MONSTER!
SO CARD BLOCKER'S
YOUR NEW TARGET!
WHICH MEANS
MY NEOS IS SAFE!
CARD BLOCKER,
DO YOUR THING, BRO!
NOT BAD,
BUT YOU FORGOT ONE THING.
THANKS TO THE EFFECT
OF WHITE BLIZZARD,
YOU STILL LOSE
600 POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE
IT'S YOUR TURN.
GOOD LUCK!
BY THE WAY,
YOU WEREN'T PLANNING
TO ATTACK MY SNOW FAIRY,
WERE YOU?
IF SO, I'D RECONSIDER
IF I WERE YOU,
'CAUSE MY DRAGON
HAS ANOTHER TRICK!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS DESTROY
A SPELL OR TRAP CARD,
AND MY WHITE NIGHT DRAGON
AUTOMATICALLY BECOMES
YOUR NEW TARGET!
OHH.
HOO, BOY!
I RECKON' OUR BOY'S
GOT MORE TROUBLES
THAN A HOUSESICK HOG!
I HAVE NO CLUE
WHAT THAT MEANS,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT IT'S NOT
A GOOD THING!
[SIGH]
SHE'S SO TALENTED.
HUH?
Alexis:
SO WHATTA YA SAY, JAY?
YOU WANNA GIVE UP?
IT'S LESS PAINFUL.
HEY, THAT'S AN IDEA.
WE CAN ALL
JUST GO HOME.
OH, SURE!
AND THEN AFTER THAT,
LET'S HAND THE KEY
TO SARTORIUS!
HUH?
JOKING!
SORRY, LEX,
BUT I DON'T DO
THE WHOLE
"GIVING UP" THING!
IN FACT,
THE ONLY TIME I EVER
THROW IN THE TOWEL
IS LAUNDRY DAY!
COME ON!
JADEN DOING LAUNDRY?
ARE YOU EVER SERIOUS!?
GLAD YOU ASKED!
WATCH!
HEY, GUYS!
AWESOME NEWS!
GUESS WHAT?
I THINK YOU'RE
GONNA BE ABLE TO HELP ME
AFTER ALL!
BUT HOW!?
HOLD ON!
I THINK
I MIGHT KNOW.
HE'S USING
OUR CARDS!
FIRST OFF,
I'M GONNA BE REMOVING
TWO CARDS FROM PLAY
SO I CAN SUMMON
MY SPELL STRIKER
TO THE FIELD.
AND I CHOOSE...
OJAMA BLACK
AND SWING OF MEMORIES!
AND NEXT,
I THINK I'LL SUMMON
THIS LITTLE GUY!
ARMOR BREAKER!
NOW HE AND SPELL STRIKER
CAN MERGE!
NOT IMPRESSED.
SURE, HE'S WEAK,
BUT HE'S ABLE TO
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
SO WHAT.
BRING IT ON!
WELL, SINCE YOU ASKED
SO NICELY...
SPELL STRIKER, ATTACK!
AAH!
HEY, WE'RE TIED!
AGAIN!
[GROANS]
BACK OFF, JADEN!
WHAT'D SHE DO TO YOU,
ANYWAY!?
HEY, LOVERBOY,
WHOSE SIDE
ARE YOU ON HERE!?
NICE TRY,
BUT IT'S MY TURN NOW!
WHOA, SLOW DOWN.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
I'M DONE?
WHENEVER A MONSTER
COMES OUT SWINGING
ARMOR BREAKER
AND DEALS OUT
SOME DAMAGE,
I GET TO DESTROY
ONE MAGIC CARD
ON THE FIELD!
AND I CHOOSE...
WHITE VEIL!
OH, WELL.
THERE GOES
SARTORIUS'
"SECRET WEAPON!"
NEXT I'LL PUT NEOS
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NOW I'M DONE.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU JUST DID?
YOU'RE GONNA PAY!
AAH!
UH, MAYBE...
SHE'LL TAKE A CHECK!?
THAT AIN'T WHAT SHE MEANT!
WITHOUT
HER WHITE VEIL...
JADEN MAY HAVE A CHANCE!
THIS GAME'S ON!
NO MORE GAMES, JADEN!
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND NOW....
CHECK THIS OUT!
I ACTIVATE
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON
SO I CAN BLOW YOUR SPELL CARD
RIGHT OFF THE FIELD!
SO SAY TOODLES
TO YOUR ARMOR BREAKER!
OHH.
AND WITH THAT THING
OUTTA MY WAY,
MY WHITE NIGHT DRAGON
CAN COME OUT AND PLAY!
NOT BAD.
BUT THANKS TO STRIKER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
ALL OF THAT DAMAGE
GOES DOWN TO ZERO.
WELL, MY WHITE BLIZZARD
SHOULD RECTIFY THAT!
[GRUNT]
JEEPERS!
JADEN'S DOWN TO
HIS LAST 100 POINTS!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
HE'D BETTER MAKE
THIS TURN COUNT!
HE STILL
HAS A CHANCE, RIGHT!?
YEAH, HE'S GOT TWO:
SLIM AND SLIMMER.
POOR LEX.
SHE'LL NEVER
BE THE SAME AGAIN!
COME ON.
YOU GUYS KNOW JADEN.
HE ALWAYS WINS
AT THE LAST MINUTE!
HA HA! WELL...
I GOTTA
HAND IT TO YA, LEX!
I'M TOAST!
OF COURSE YOU ARE!
YOU CAN NEVER BEAT
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
I'M DUELING YOU,
NOT THE SOCIETY.
HUH.
YOU'RE MY FRIEND!
AND NOW...
I'M GONNA PROVE IT!
WITH THIS--
FLARE SCARAB!
OH, PLEASE.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'VE REACHED THE BOTTOM
OF YOUR MONSTER BARREL.
THIS IS LIKE
TARGET PRACTICE.
HE MAY NOT BE TOO STRONG
BY HIMSELF,
BUT WHEN HE JOINS
WITH HIS FRIEND,
HE'S UNSTOPPABLE!
WHAT?!
ROLL CALL: FLAME SCARAB!
NEOS! CONTACT FUSION!
COMBINE TO FORM
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLARE NEOS!
FOR EVERY SPELL
OR TRAP CARD,
NEOS AUTOMATICALLY GETS
AN EXTRA 400 BONUS POINTS
ADDED TO
HIS ATTACK STRENGTH.
AND THERE ARE 3 CARDS
ON THE FIELD!
[GASP]
SO THAT'S 400...800...
1,200 ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, THAT'S A BONUS!
[GRUNT]
I COULDA DONE THAT.
JADEN! YOU DA MAN!
NOW BRING IT HOME!
YOU KNOW, ALEXIS,
MAYBE YOU ARE BETTER OFF
LIKE THIS AFTER ALL.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
WELL, THE OLD YOU
WAS SO, UH...
YOU KNOW, INDEPENDENT
AND SURE OF HERSELF,
AND WHO NEEDS THAT?
GIMME A BREAK!
I'M STILL INDEPENDENT!
AND CONFIDENT!
YOU GOT THAT!?
NO ONE'S CONTROLLING ME!
YOU TELL HIM!
YOU'RE THE BOSS!
AND THAT'S WHY
I LOVE YA, LEX!
WOULD YOU GET A GRIP?
YEAH, CHAZZ.
I THINK
YOU'RE DROOLING.
WAIT, GUYS.
I THINK JADEN'S
GETTING THROUGH!
KEEP IT UP, JAY!
HEY, ALEXIS,
IF YOU'RE AS STRONG
AS YOU SAY YOU ARE,
WHY STAY
WITH SARTORIUS?
YOU SHOULD MAKE
YOUR OWN CHOICES,
JUST LIKE THE OLD LEX.
STOP IT!
THERE'S ONE ALEXIS.
AND GUESS WHAT?
SHE'S NOT YOUR FRIEND
ANYMORE, DORK!
ALL RIGHT. IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS!
SORRY.
WHY?
YOU'RE ABOUT TA SEE!
NEOS, ATTACK
HER WHITE NIGHT DRAGON!
[THINKING]
THIS BETTER
GET THROUGH TO YOU!
[ALL GASP]
[THINKING]
IT'S TIME TO MELT
THAT HEART OF ICE!
NEOS, DO YOUR THING!
[SCREAMING]
ALEXIS!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT!?
I HOPE SO.
ALEXIS! WAKE UP!
HELLO? ANYONE HOME?
HEY, SLEEPYHEAD!
RISE AND SHINE!
HUH? HEY, WHERE AM I?
WAIT.
DID WE JUST DUEL!?
HOLD ON.
I BEAT YOU, RIGHT?
PLEASE TELL ME
THAT I DIDN'T LOSE.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU WON, ALL RIGHT.
[GRUNTING]
HEY, HEY,
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM,
CHAZZ?
ARE YOU WORRIED
HER MEMORY'LL COME BACK?
WELL, IF SO,
YOU'RE IN TROUBLE!
AS IF HE HAD A SHOT,
ANYWAY.
I GUESS THERE'S
ONLY ONE THING LEFT
TO DO NOW.
WHAT?
TIME...TO TAKE DOWN
SARTORIUS!
[CHUCKLING]
MARK MY WORDS.
THOSE KEYS WILL BE MINE!
IT'S NOW OR NEVER!
WHO'S WITH ME?
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪